Shortcut for closing all figures (#16863)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behaviour.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This is consistent with other signature mismatch errors.  Previously a
ValueError was raised.

Shortcut for closing all figures
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Shortcuts for closing all figures now also work for the classic toolbar.
There is no default shortcut anymore because closing all figures by a key press

> might happen unintendedly too easy. You can configure the shortcut yourself

Reviewer: (adjust wrapping)
```suggestion
There is no default shortcut any more because unintentionally closing all figures by a key press
might happen too easily. You can configure the shortcut yourself
```
